docs: rewrite homepage + AppKit overview, add Custom Networks page (#781)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/networks/custom-networks.mdx

```javascript theme={null}
customRpcUrls: {
  'eip155:1': 'https://your.custom.rpc.url',
  'eip155:137': 'https://your.polygon.rpc.url'
}
```

AppKit will prioritize these URLs over the default ones.

## Example of adding WalletConnect to an app on an unsupported network

This guide walks through adding WalletConnect support in your app for networks AppKit doesn't support natively, such as non-EVM networks and L1s that aren't Bitcoin, Solana, Ton or Tron.

The integration is custom: render a "Connect with WalletConnect" button that opens the Reown AppKit QR modal. Each step links to the underlying Reown or WalletConnect doc for full reference.

### 1. Install AppKit

Install `@reown/appkit-core` and the framework adapter for your stack (React, Next.js, Vue, or vanilla JS). Pick the matching installation page from the [WalletConnect standalone integration overview](https://docs.walletconnect.network/app-sdk/overview#standalone-integration-of-walletconnect-as-an-app).

### 2. Define the Network as a custom network

> Canton is non-EVM, so you'll need to register the chain through `defineChain` from `@reown/appkit/networks` using its CAIP-2 identifiers. In this example, we'll use Canton network which uses the identifiers `canton:mainnet` and `canton:testnet`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your chosen chain is non-EVM, you'll need to register it through `defineChain` from `@reown/appkit/networks` using its CAIP-2 identifiers. In this example, we'll use Canton network which uses the identifiers `canton:mainnet` and `canton:testnet`:
```
